Add help doc for reset-password (#585)
symfony/maker-bundle: src/Resources/help/MakeResetPassword.txt

The <info>%command.name%</info> command generates all the files needed to implement
 a fully-functional & secure password reset system.

> The Symfony Casts Reset Password Bundle is required and can be added using composer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SymfonycastsResetPasswordBundle is required and can be added using composer:
```
